# About:
## Supervised ML:
### Regression(Final Project):
In this project I will apply the skills and knowledge learned throughout the IBM EDA course on Coursera. I will select a dataset from the ones used in the Course or any other dataset of interest and apply all of the demonstrated techniques including, Data Cleaning, Feature Engineering, Exploratory Data Visualization, and Hypothesis Testing.
### Classification(Final Project):
In this project I will apply the skills and knowledge learned through the first 3 of 6 course in IBM's ML Professional Certification curriculum. I have selected a data set about student success. I will perform data cleaning and initial EDA techniques before engineering multiple classification models to find a fit model to predict if a student will find success or failure. The project is mostly focused on interpretability. To address this a surrogate model will likely be used. 
### Unsupervized(Final Project):
In this project I develope a Fake News article filter. The main objective of this analysis was to cluster fake and real news articles and explore the differences in properties of real vs fake articles. Specifically the goal was to engineer a definitive two cluster model which accurately created a robust boundary between real and fake news articles. This model could then be used in applications in which filtering out fake articles is important. 
### Deep Learning(Final Project):
In this project I apply deep learning models to my previously built Fake News article filter. The main objective of this analysis was to continue research on my previous project regarding Fake News. Previously I used clustering algorithms to build a fake news filter. I was able to get decent results. The models predicted the correct classification 80 percent of the time but also relayed good interpretability. In this analysis I aimed to use deep learning to improve upon these results. This model could be used in applications where filtering untruthful news is pertinent such as in educational settings.
